fix vt private url to return entry per indicator (#9137)
demisto/content: Packs/VirusTotal-Private_API/ReleaseNotes/1_0_3.md

#### Integrations
##### VirusTotal - Private API

> **Breaking Change** vt-private-get-url-report will return multiple entries (entry per indicator) instead of single entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Breaking Change** vt-private-get-url-report changed to return multiple entries (entry per indicator) instead of a single entry.
```
